The Jerusalem channel is made with the support of you, our viewers.
Thank you for watching.
Today, in this Bible prophecy update, we've planned several topics, including a Bible study on the importance of prayer and fasting for the Islamic world, particularly on Fridays, when during the daytime, too many souls are being misguided
into the terrorist ideology called Jihadism.
Furthermore, the alarming increase in anti-Semitism is often a result of Jihadism.
Revelation 12 explains that Satan the Red Dragon is relentlessly pursuing the nation of Israel to destroy all the Jewish people.
The Lord challenges us believers.
Should we not be restraining this evil through our corporate fastings and prayers?
Israel has been living on high alert ever since 1948.
But the threat of terrorism has intensified since October 7 and has become the concern of every true worshipper of the God of Israel.
Shalom, I'm Christine Dark.
Jihadism is an ideology that advocates armed struggle called jihad in Arabic.
To accomplish jihad is seen as a religious obligation from Muslims to establish Islamic governance based on their strict Sharia law.
It purposes to overthrow perceived apostate regimes and to expand the Muslim community against its enemies and ultimately to unite the Islamic world
under a caliphate through revolutionary violence.
Traditional Islamic interpretations of jihad have emphasized a nonviolent concept of mere human struggle.
But militant violent jihadism has become a profound danger to global security.
Militant jihadism has been manifesting in relentless terrorist attacks, claiming thousands of lives annually
destabilizing entire regions by exploiting local grievances, weak governance, and civil conflicts.
Violin Chihatism is rooted in militant interpretations of Islam and promotes a vision of establishing a caliphate.
That's a rulership by a caliph, a Muslim chief.
Methods have included indiscriminate killings, often targeting innocent civilians,
kidnappings as well as governments and international forces.
The global spread of this dangerous ideology has accelerated through sophisticated online propaganda on social media and the internet, recruiting fighters from diverse backgrounds and enabling affiliates such as ISIS, Al-Shabaab, and Boko Haram to expand from traditional strongholds in the Middle East, Afghanistan, and the Horn of Africa
into new frontiers across the Sahel, West Africa, Central Asia, and even into Europe and the Americas.
Recent jihadist attacks in Africa have escalated in early 2026, especially in the Sahel and West Africa, where ISIS and al-Qaeda affiliates exploit instability to target civilians and security forces.
In Nigeria, in just this month of February, 2026,
Suspected Johannes, linked to Boko Haram or related factions, attacked villages in Kuar state, killing up to 170 persons in one of the country's deadliest massacres to date, burning homes and abducting dozens of individuals as well.
In Niger, a militant organization known as the Islamic State Sahal Province claimed an assault on a military base and the capital's international airport.
wounding soldiers damaging aircraft and involving militants on the tarmac with explosions, possibly aided by drone support.
In the West African nation of Burkina Faso, where my husband and I had ministered on several occasions, coordinated jihadist attacks this month, February 2026, killed at least 10 soldiers amid ongoing threats.
These incidents highlight the persistent and spreading menace from groups like Boko Haram,
Fueled by weak governance and increasing use of drones, despite counterterrorism responses, including Nigerian deployments, and limited American support.
So now, please intercessors note that for 1,400 years, the Islamic principality has been prayed to five times a day and fasted onto for one month annually by millions of people who sincerely believe they're worshiping the one true God.
However, the God there worshiping is not the true God of Israel, the God of the Bible.
It's a desert principality, the moon God.
The Muslim holy book, the Quran, claims that the Islamic Allah and the God of the Bible are one and the same.
It's even politically convenient to hold this view.
It appears to be tolerant.
Yet, there are many Bible scholars who explain that the God of Islam and the God of the Bible are not the same.
Many Christian authors have made this case in videos and books such as Dr. J. Smith of Fender Films, and authors like Sam Solomon, a former Muslim and Christian scholar who has written a book with co-author Atif Debs entitled, Not the Same God is the Quranic Allah, the Lord God of the Bible.
They present a compelling case against this doctrine of sayingness.
the characteristics of the God of the Bible are far removed from the Allah presented in the Quran.
And to complicate matters for years Arabic speakers have confidently said, well the Arabic Bible uses Allah for God, so we worship the same God.
However, multitudes of Christians feel unprepared when confronted with this dilemma and often assume that we do worship the same God just in different ways.
But
With the war cry of Allahu Akbar, meaning Allah is greater, being shouted across the global landscape, the question demands fresh attention is that Allah of Islam, indeed the same God of the one true God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob as revealed in the law of Moses, the prophets, the Psalms and the Gospels.
Well, faithful Bible scholars say, no, they're not the same.
Furthermore, it's the right of every individual to question a religion which claims to be peaceful and yet is responsible for more and more terror attacks than any other religion.
Meanwhile, this year, the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan continues through March 17.
Think about that.
Five times a day and for an entire month of fasting annually makes this religious spirit very entrenched.
But Islam is nevertheless powerless to save souls from eternal predition.
Casual prayer just will not budge the spirit.
But second Corinthians 10 and 4 is an important verse to our discussion.
It says the weapons of our warfare are not physical, but they're mighty through God for the pulling down of strongholds.
Hallelujah.
Therefore our weapons of corporate prayer and fasting can bring victory in this time of great peril
and bring the release of many captives from a life of endless praying by wrote and fasting without any assurance of salvation.
During the fasting month of Ramadan, God through His mercy often outpours dreams and visions about the world's only Savior, Jesus, particularly on the night of power that occurs in the last 10 nights of Ramadan.
That's often associated with the 27th night.
And it is a very
a holy night in the eyes of many Muslims, more holy than thousands of months of fasting or worship.
So we want to fast and pray for more outpourings and revelations of Jesus.
Thankfully, dreams and visions of Jesus are happening in Iran and all over the Islamic world.
Now for background, I want to take us to Matthew chapter 17, starting with verse 14, where a father came kneeling down to the Lord Jesus, saying,
Lord, had mercy on my son, for he is an epileptic and suffers severely, often falling into the fire and water.
And I brought him to your disciples, but they couldn't cure him."
Then Jesus responded fervently, oh, for first generation, how long am I going to put up with you?
Bring the boy here to me.
And Jesus rebuked the demon and it came out and the child was cured from that very hour.
Now Mark 920 as an important detail, as he was being delivered from the demon, the boy fell to the ground and rolled around foaming at the mouth.
Now later, the disciples came to Jesus privately because they were embarrassed that they couldn't cure him.
So Jesus said to them, it's because of your unbelief.
For assuredly, I say to you, if you have faith as a mustard seed, you'll have mountain moving faith.
But now I want to underline verse 21 of Matthew 17 and please listen carefully.
However, Jesus noted, this kind does not go out except by prayer and fasting.
So I'm going to repeat that.
This kind will not go out except we add prayer to our fasting.
You see, some prayers are not answered without us having fasted first.
So now let's fast forward to around 610 AD to when the Prophet Muhammad started receiving his revelations.
First of all, he experienced a distressing encounter in a cave with supposedly the angel Gabriel.
However, I don't believe it was the real angel Gabriel, not for one moment do I believe that.
It was an impersonating spirit because the Apostle Paul wrote in Galatians 1 8,
But even if we are an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel to you, then what we have preached, let him be a cursed."
Now this word of cursed here is anathema.
It's a very strong word.
Paul says, if anyone preaches a different gospel, let him be anathema.
The apostle issued a rabbinic curse against false manifestations.
This is so serious.
And impersonating spirit was pretending to be the messenger angel Gabriel.
and commanded Muhammad to recite.
And the impersonating spirit squeezed him so tightly three times with increasing force that he was left traumatized until he recited the first verses of the Quran.
Then later, when receiving further revelations, according to various Islamic traditions and sources, he experienced physical manifestations such as head twitching, snorting like a camel, and foaming at the mouth.
Now remember, Jesus said, this kind doesn't come out with that prayer and fasting.
So now I want to take you to an important chapter in the Bible concerning fasting.
And that's Isaiah chapter 58.
And the purpose is given in verse six, where the Lord asks, is this not the fast that I have chosen to loose the bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens and to let the oppressed go free?
And that you break every yoke
One an amazing verse.
Isaiah 58, 6 describes the type of fasting God truly is looking for.
And he lists four parallel results focused on liberation and relief from oppression.
And just think how oppressed people are who live behind the Jericho light walls of Islam.
Oh, how the Iranians, for example, are longing for freedom from oppression and decades of tyranny.
So in this one verse, we see four purposes of fasting.
Number one, to loose the chains of bondage and wickedness.
And the atrocities of October the 7th, surely wrote the book when it comes to wickedness.
On October 7, 2023, Hamas committed some of the most wicked terrorist atrocities in modern history by massacring approximately 1,200 persons.
Mostly civilians, including babies, children, women, and the elderly, in coordinating attacks on a music festival and communities involving deliberate house-to-house executions, burning people alive in their homes in safe rooms, systematic rape and sexual mutilations, beheadings in dismemberments, and the abduction of 251 hostages.
marking the deadliest single-day attack on Jews since the Holocaust.
And yet, here in Isaiah 58.6, we learn that fasting has the power to break chains of wickedness and jihad.
The church has not fasted, obviously, enough against such wickedness.
Secondly, the verse says that fasting unties the cords of yokes and undoes heavy burdens.
Think of the heavy burdens of the Islamic garb forced upon women by religious police, and how the women strongly desire for these oppressive yokes to be untied.
Thirdly, fasting lets the oppressed, the crush go free, and number four, according to this important Bible verse, fasting breaks every yoke completely.
So now then, please hear me, because this is one of the most important principles I've learned in my spiritual life.
In Derek Prince's book, Shaping History Through Prayer and Fasting, he stated that there are some answers that we can, of course, obtain through regular prayer.
But there are some answers to prayer that will never obtain until we learn to add fasting to our prayers.
And I have found this to be absolutely true.
It's a harsh reality, but we have to take it on board.
Since Friday during the daytime is the worship day when much hatred, violence, and bloodthirsty rhetoric gets foam in it.
Therefore, Friday during the daytime is an appropriate time to fast and pray against violent jihadism.
We have to face the fact that fasting is just a part of the life of faith.
And this is because in Matthew 6, verses 16 to 18, the Lord said that when you fast, not if you fast,
But when you fast, do so privately, rather than looking miserable and making a show of yourselves to others.
The Lord's solemn call is to fast and pray.
But I'm personally not suggesting that you extend this particular fast, the every Friday fast, into the Sabbath day of rest, which begins Friday evening at mealtime.
But this call against jihadism is intended for humbling our souls with fasting,
during breakfast or lunch, during the daylight hours on Fridays, when radicals meet, as a way of entreating God's power in mercy corporately.
You see, corporate fasting is part of the process of humbling ourselves that's required by heaven in 2 Chronicles 7, 14.
A verse which declares, If my people who are called by my name shall humble themselves, and fasting is part of humbling ourselves, and pray,
seek my face and turn from their wicked ways.
Then God says, I will hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and will heal their land.
So we're inviting you to ask the Holy Spirit to show you how you might want to participate in the spiritual summons during strategic daylight hours on Fridays to deliver souls from tyranny.
Perhaps you might begin by
perhaps do a partial fast or a juice fast in the daytime on Fridays.
Due to medical reasons, you may not be able to fast completely, but there are certainly certain pleasant foods that we can forgo for a little while at least.
Please seek the Lord if you should do something by faith to be a part of this corporate response to heaven.
After all,
Luke 9-1 reminds us that Jesus gave us power and authority to drive out all demons and to cure diseases.
So if you want to join us on the Every Friday Fast and receive prayer points, that is here from you at our contact page of our website.
Well, now another prophetic news, one of the characteristics of the end times, according to the Apostle Paul, in 2 Timothy 3, 3, is that people will be devoid of natural affection.
that verse certainly came to mind when I read a headline in Prophecy News Watch that a Presbyterian pastor openly blessed abortion from her pulpit.
The headline read, blessed are those who end pregnancies.
According to the article, Rebecca Todd Peters claimed that Jesus would act as an abortion escort to bless those who terminate pregnancies.
She dared to rewrite his beatitudes to declare
Blessed are those who end pregnancies, for they will be known for their loving kindness.
Loving kindness?
That's a direct assault on the very words of the Lord and on the conscience of the church.
From a biblical perspective, human life is sacred from conception.
Psalm 139 declares, you knit me together in my mother's womb.
The unborn are not inconvenient political talking points.
They're persons.
loved and known by God and entrusted to the care of humanity.
So to bless their intentional destruction is to invert the very gospel that Jesus came to proclaim.
The article noted that what makes this all the more shocking was the absolute confidence with which the preacher delivered her remarks.
There was no acknowledgement of the moral complexity of the topic.
Furthermore, framing opposition to abortion as violence
in celebrating abortion is kindness is moral inversion.
Another disturbing trend is that the subject of eternal life has all but disappeared from many gospel presentations despite the fact that Jesus emphasized eternal life in his teachings.
Many pastors avoid the matter of eternity and put in an ordinate emphasis just upon the cares of this world.
The church has got to awaken before it's too late.
I'm one as many
people as possible to be ready for the Lord's sudden appearing and the rapture.
I'd like to encourage all of us to purpose to lead at least one other person to the Lord in this year should the Lord teary.
It's important to share our faith with others because the Lord is coming soon and we don't want our loved ones and friends to be left behind.
If we'll only be faithful to share the gospel and tell people about the way the Lord blesses our lives,
then we can trust the results in his hands, because after all, it's the Holy Spirit who has the power to transform lives, even the most difficult cases.
For example, this story on social media about Brazil's most tattooed man touched my heart.
It shows the ability of human beings to change.
In the photo it left, this was Leandro de Sousa in 2023 without Jesus.
And in the right-hand photo with Jesus in 2026, look at his transformed countenance after receiving the Lord into his life and undergoing laser treatments.
For years, Leandro mutilated himself with ink and piercings to look like a skull, but then something shifted.
He decided to embrace evangelical Christianity.
His newfound faith brought an internal change that he can no longer ignore
He began to feel that his exterior no longer reflected who he had become inside.
So he began the painful process of laser removals.
Leandro cited 2 Corinthians 5-17 to explain his reason for change.
Therefore, if any man is in Christ, he is a new creature.
All things are passed away.
Behold, all things are become new.
You see, identity is rarely static.
We can change.
For example, people who have embraced the transgender lifestyle can decide to reject that ideology.
There are even laws in some countries that prohibit conversion therapies, but people have the right to change because a person's personal beliefs can be subject to change.
A very disturbing headline is what's happening also in Brazil,
to a citizen who's facing years behind bars, not for violence, fraud, or theft, but for simply stating her beliefs about biology.
A 34-year-old veterinary student, Isadora Borges, stands accused of transphobia for social media posts written years ago.
She stated that transgender women are actually biologically male, sparking a complaint from a politician and triggering a federal
Criminal case is Adora could lose up to a decade of her life behind bars simply for words she posted online.
Pause and consider the gravity of that, 10 years in prison for an opinion.
But the gospel truth is that no matter how extreme the past may seem, transformation for individuals remains possible.
Sometimes the most radical statement a person can make is what the tattooed man said.
I'm not who I used to be.
Jesus changed me.
So in the meantime, I'd like to encourage you to keep the light on because the Lord is coming soon and the Lord's delay is not a denial of his soon arrival.
Let's keep our lamps burning to be like the servants in Jesus' parable in Luke chapter 12.
The servants were waiting for their master to return from a wedding banquet.
And in that parable, Jesus said,
Blessed are those servants whom the Master finds on watch when he returns.
Then he said, even if he comes in the second or third watch of the night and finds them alert, those servants will be blessed.
But understand this, Jesus warned, if a homeowner had known at what night a thief was coming, he would not have allowed his house to be broken in.
So he said, you also must be ready because the Son of Man will come in an hour that you don't expect.
Now in this parable, Jesus used the imagery of servants staying alert because banquets in Bible times often involve variable durations.
So servants had to remain prepared through all the watches of the night.
Bible commentators widely agree that this parable highlights the Lord's potential for delay, reinforcing that we must stay alert for service and with our lamps burning to respond immediately upon his return.
This passage contrasts with the Lord's other parables, such as the parable of the 10 virgins in Matthew chapter 25, where the focus is on waiting the bridegroom's arrival to take us to the wedding banquet itself.
Now, in Luke 1238, Jesus mentioned two of the night watches as part of the parable.
You see, the Jewish sages had divided the night into periods called watches.
The first watch was roughly 6 p.m. to 9 p.m.
The second watch was about 9 p.m. to midnight, and the third watch was midnight to 3 a.m. By mentioning the second and third watches, the later ones, Jesus highlighted the darkest, weary hours of the night, times when people are usually asleep and when spiritual lethargy is most likely to set in.
His promise is that believers who remain alert and ready during these challenging hours will be blessed.
Bible commentators explained that the second watch represents a time when the church would be in deep spiritual sleep or formalistic darkness, yet the master might still come.
The third watch represents a time of potential awakening when the church begins to realize the master is near, but we must still wait and remain vigilant and not become drowsy or lukewarm.
The goal of this teaching in Luke 12 is to show
that when the return was expected early, a long period of darkness and delay was foreseen, requiring persevering faith and readiness at any hour.
The core message is one of constant vigilance.
The master could return in an unexpected time and at any moment, marinatha.
The question remains today, before it's too late.
Do you know Jesus the Savior and Lord?
You see, no other God bled for us, no other God rose from the dead and came to save us.
But Jesus, Yeshua is His Hebrew name, alone heals us from the curse of eternal death.
There's salvation and no other.
He alone is our mediator before God.
And He was foretold by the Hebrew prophets.
He is the way, the truth and the life of God.
No one comes to God except through Him.
And he invites all of us to come to him to escape the terrible judgments cataloged in the book of Revelation.
So if you've not yet confessed Jesus is Lord, I urge you to call in his name and believe that he is the Son of God who died for our sins.
And then the Bible promises you shall be eternally saved and you'll be ready for the soon and sudden appearing of the Lord.
That's our blessed hope.
Amen.
In the meantime, we'd love to hear from you on social media.
or through our free Jerusalem channel mobile app.
Please follow all my articles at Substack.com on Bible Prophecy and all of our videos at our Jerusalem channel YouTube platform, as well as our website, exploits.tv, where you have the opportunity to support our broadcasts and humanitarian outreaches in the Bible lands financially.
Finally, we invite you to sign up for our weekly email alert called exploits
That's based upon Daniel 1132, declaring that the people who know their God will be strong, not weak, and will accomplish biblical exploits.
The works of the Lord in the remaining time before His imminent return.
Meanwhile, let's keep contending for the faith and praying earnestly for the peace of Jerusalem on Christine Darg, Shalom and Maranatha.